# iterm-color-to-gnome-terminal
This small utility will convert iTerm2 *.itemcolors files to Gnome Terminal profiles. I first found this [project](https://github.com/Photonios/iterm-color-to-gnome-terminal) and while it did the job, I found it to be lacking in some areas. I was originally going to fork it, but I ended up making it so different that I opted to create a new project.

## Prerequisites
* Python >= 3.7

## Usage
The package includes two scripts:
* `iterm-color-to-gnome-terminal.py` - This script reads an iTerm2 *.itemcolors file, parses its color information, and outputs a *.dconf file.
* `import-gnome-terminal-profile.py` - This script reads the *.dconf file generated by the previous script and does two things. First, it creates the profile in dconf under `/org/gnome/terminal/legacy/profiles:/`. Next, it appends `/org/gnome/terminal/legacy/profiles:/list` to make the new profile available.

### iterm-color-to-gnome-terminal.py usage
`iterm-color-to-gnome-terminal.py` has only two options:

* `--input` (required) - The path to the *.itemcolors file you want to use.
* `--name` (optional) - A name for the profile. If this flag is not supplied, the input base filename, minus the extension, will be used as the Gnome Terminal profile name.

### import-gnome-terminal-profile.py usage
`import-gnome-terminal-profile.py` has only one option.
* `--input` (required) - The path to the *.dconf file you want to use

## Examples
Dumping an iTerm2 color scheme to a file that can be imported into Gnome Terminal
```
$ ./iterm-color-to-gnome-terminal.py -i ~/iTermSchemes/Novel.itermcolors
$ ./iterm-color-to-gnome-terminal.py -i ~/iTermSchemes/poorlynamedfile.itermcolors -n "Much Fancier Name"
```
Importing a dump file into Gnome Terminal
```
$ ./import-gnome-terminal-profile.py -i Novel.itermcolors
```

## To Do
* Better error trapping
* The ability to copy and delete profiles
* Whatever other fun things I can think of
